I
now only one thing is mine
I mean I let ahead of it what are you
trying to edit I mean so at first I was
trying to add and do one of these
once I can't oh my god you resolutely
[Music]
control the duplicates it
of sick
all right you're the fall action on I'm
gonna turn the fall action off so that
it just keeps moving because they keep
you over the other hobby
sir
to Syria
now when you start it where's he gonna
start 76
thank you
so do
sir
was a Bieber new
our size
how do I get to me I had to add audio
advice that's what you do there's just
there's a you have tracks they can have
audio effects on the MIDI you can also
have what's called return tracks and if
you want if you wanted a save
computation and send like you want to
effect like reverb for example to be
unlike everything underneath that that's
good advice and let's just say that I
add a reverb for looking everything
both
take take this in
see
[Music]
you
yeah
a reduction in the conscious
you have to say
in
whoa
I still give you a try
Oh
[Music]
all right
the light
much better girl
[Music]
it sounds like something off control
zero four zero turns on your own friend
you happy
I don't know how to turn off just like
justice just like the sound
[Music]
all right I think it's good I want to do
I made this entire [__] thing it's
actually pretty sick but I just added
this vocal track these jump I just
kissed six Oman
I mastered the pokey loop on this right
you all right
- listen bro don't listen to this
[Music]
all right how do I lose this like like
noob actions here we go here we go here
we go follow actions
then you can having B probabilities to
soak and go to random and then you can
how do I do that
what's it yeah so that'll just go to the
previous every time the random is one of
them any what you have to do this now
you can see the wait wait you'll notice
is that after there's someplace it'll
never go back to this other one yeah
therefore actions but how do you make it
so that there's loops like like it does
this one eight times or whatever yes it
doesn't number about it I think so this
one only place twice it doesn't play
twice the loop plays that number of bars
that's a number of our other scissors
well just step by this is a tube on here
so it doesn't one and this one does it
four times and now we will probably play
it only not even once really because
your whole loop is at five so if I did
like what you really want to do is you
want to make this so it's one two three
four five
maybe like six me eat I don't know maybe
four but I like you know it is I'm just
saying that like it's a it gets hard to
ask you know time I could do I could do
the
loop's do you have made for a lot of
time with it right because in everything
like it kind of it's just awesome so I
want you to do 160 no no what I'm saying
is that you have like you have like
nukes better for and then you're gonna
have one that's five so it's just gonna
sound a little off as it reaches back to
the point where theythey they fall on
the same ending you say I'm saying yeah
just cuz they get a house up here that
you probably intended to go elsewhere
why do you want to send those that's a
next
[Music]
oh you said 220 which one is 2020 good
yeah
alright sounds giggling the transition
to ride is a start from there because
you said to be that I don't catch it
just like Jane because it's nice to
learn like you do this sometimes it gets
it
but either way it's up here it's this
thing okay which now how long is the
loop two boys oh okay so I don't need to
play this one times now I can play this
like four times and how are you first
I'll do this first it start for the
beginning them
[Music]
I guess the point is you can't have this
song
[Music]
yeah I know great kick is not a breeze
okay I'm gonna change them I'm gonna
look at is I'm adding an EQ on the
master
this is your whole socket so you can
start to view like more has to do that
tune to view very precisely and what is
going on so this is obviously the kick
kick your crop is about there but this
kicks assumes it's on its face if we
were to have a triple we have we have
way more room now that kick is solar
power so what we could do you could use
remove this here
take another one have this one with none
of these so what I do is I start out
with weight we have no so the first for
loop seven should have this and then you
can edit it out in the base yeah baby
what I also think
it's probably like send some bass for
something like this is not either you
usually probably grab some flesh another
big something like that because that was
so random operation there's a good basic
base load base horse imagine instrument
instrument you can look like you know
what we're wearing where their faces
[Music]
right
listen zip it baby
[Music]
so that's why
No
[Music]
if I see the probably do something like
so there's any we're not just yeah
[Music]
it should sound like
I recorded something that you trying to
see I can't see the track and see where
it is in the track wrong recording help
me tie me down be like yeah the downbeat
on these lines
[Music]
this directive
I thought
ethics
- 8 kgs
Oh
[Music]
so it's these end points
I can't see the other boy
oh my god this mouse is so sensitive
[Music]
agency
yeah
yeah it's an issue
the Animus back snap
a device
[Music]
11:14
it's bet to you
[Music]
I appreciate
yes
that's my destructive
I
his ideas and education you
[Music]
what you do is good
it's very easy to make
these work together yeah
[Music]
Yeah right
this night that so far we have
[Music]
watch my Attica because I tried to keep
a society
[Music]
Robert Irvine's
Sears return track what I did is I made
it
I would
[Music]
this is my I'm sick of it
she wants to make beats
is it connected yours you know so
possibly but I'm have it to them like
you're not gonna you're not gonna be
able just got me Macau
that's pretty hype honestly yeah I was a
geek dude I got memed accounts
that just kind of inhibit pain I like it
[Music]
Oh
you didn't give a Trinity absolutely
yes
okay see now
we had all those extra
let's forget it
yeah
no time to do motion
you need the society
Boyd's on time
is awesome
of you magic
you know
you sit down too
even collide
yeah I try it
try the lawn
you're gonna just
think it's in lied
[Music]
right yeah
he has cost so much if they remove all
of this little thing
my patient's [__] you put on your drums
- yeah oh really yeah yeah I have it so
loud right now
Pete we a judge compared Bernie a truck
and
Stalin's
come on yes usually I'm gonna do I sure
enough all the sounds we're gonna go
here I'm just saying like all right
we're recording I'm gonna say that you
start recording with psych
anything you would want to do is you
want to go the other way you'd want to
have it so that this one so so what
we'll do is about he's starting to build
this up so you can see cuz what I want
to be able to do in the end is be able
to because what this work this thing
does is that it plays all of them on
this track
Grandal is sick so basically what it
does is it it splits the sound up into a
ton of these small great like granular
bits and delays them different and then
it delays them kind of differently but
it also pitches them 12:00 and then it
plays it as a feedback so this is what
happens when the feedback music it keeps
doing the 12 to the symphony it's like
that shimmer fixture
would you make this love
start off it with the sample
but are they distorted with
right so wait wait let's also see what
it sounds like with
listen triplets
the sugary something with a chocolate
chip
positive
Triplette in the conventional sense of
just like a faster hat never not just
that it's not an actual triplet dude
it's not as soon as watch just to you
dear it's it's xti exactly really not
sixteen seven thirty seconds okay I
didn't mean to do this
wait a sound like but but what I think I
might have [__] up something so I'm
gonna go cuz we are already on
faced with this one
why are you
and report
[Music]
Wow he's got a smoke
that's bad do we export that can you
record yogurt was it this one notes and
run we should do it we should do a party
we just put my side I've been saying
that for a long time but how do you guys
not facie set yet
like me
why
she didn't say it was
why I'm riding right
I saw something similar probably alright
we should we should really export
what no expert analysis on
I think you can probably capture it hit
caption it's too long too long already
too long brutal
okay play it let me only figure out
again I got it
[Music]
I know
got it
you ought to take a is my
today you have given
[Music]
the master
No
Oh
you know
I thought that yeah I've been on him
it's been so long
someone coming down